#summary Early Access Release Channels
#labels Phase-Deploy

=Release Channels=
==Stable channel==
Everyone is on the Stable channel when they first install ZScreen. The Stable channel is updated with features and fixes once they have been thoroughly tested in the Beta channel. If you want a rock solid ZScreen but don't need the latest features, the Stable channel is for you.

Labels: 
 * [http://code.google.com/p/zscreen/downloads/list?can=1&q=label%3AChannel-Stable Channel-Stable]
 * Featured

==Beta channel==
People who like to use and help refine the latest features subscribe to the Beta channel. Every month or so, we promote stable and complete features from the Dev channel to the Beta channel. The Beta channel is more stable than Dev, but may lack the polish one expects from a finished product.

Labels:
 * [http://code.google.com/p/zscreen/downloads/list?can=1&q=label%3AChannel-Beta Channel-Beta]

==Dev channel==
This developer preview channel is where ideas get tested (and sometimes fail). The Dev channel can be very unstable at times, and new features usually require some manual configuration to be enabled. Still, simply using Dev channel releases is an easy (practically zero-effort) way for anyone to help improve ZScreen

Labels:
 * [http://code.google.com/p/zscreen/downloads/list?can=1&q=label%3AChannel-Dev Channel-Dev]
 * Depreciated

=Release Strategy=
Every build initially uploaded will be in the Dev channel. When we are confident that a certain build is reliable enough without major bugs for about two weeks, this will be promoted to Beta channel. In the mean time new builds will keep getting released in the Dev channel. If no major bugs are found in the current build for another two weeks, the build in the Beta channel will get promoted to the Stable channel. 